Meanwhile, in 193 countries of the world including India, the
hustle and bustle of International Yoga Day has started since this morning. On this occasion,
President and Prime Minister Narendra Modi
congratulated the entire world and
all the
great people associated with yoga.
Who would have thought
that Rajpath
could also become a path of yoga?
International
Yoga Day is being started today by the UNO,
but I believe that
today from 21st June,
International Yoga Day is
not
only the beginning of celebrating a day,
but
a new era is beginning to train the human mind to achieve these heights of peace and harmony.
Sometimes, due to
ignorance towards many things,
distortion occurs.
This tradition has been going on for centuries;
many things have been added to it over time.
I
would like to say today that for centuries, the
great men, the sages, the
monks, the yoga
gurus, the yoga teachers, the yoga
practitioners have followed this tradition for centuries and have taken it
forward and have
also added points of development to it. Today, I
respectfully salute such great people of the entire world
and I am proud of them.
World of news
Come join us anywhere and anytime,
we will meet
on F, we will be seen on
youtube1